hey guys actually Nina and today I'm
we're doing a requested video this is
like a bohol in reviews and sizing in
the brand how it works the shipping
click on complex video but I jumped on
the bow bandwagon I ordered some boats
from bo Tiki it's called Bozzo be 0 W
then tiki-ti ki I there's two eyes at
the end of kiki and just early blog
posted a picture that said buying bows
from bo Tiki so I'm sure like everybody
got a ton of goes from there because i
know i did i got seven but first I'll
kind of do like the whole part of this i
will show you the bows the first 1i got
they all come with clips just kind of
got broom view patro show you the whole
they all come with like a Brett clip at
the back of them which is very very nice
we didn't think they're going to come
with them but they did so first I got
this on red and white polka dot ones
will be so cute for Christmas or like
Halloween we're just wearing with like a
navy shirt or white shirts kind of like
a mini mouse Bell and I think they'll be
super super cute then I got kind of my
most daring one out of the bunch I got a
shiny gold one and also as a clip is
this a kind of nice thick material and
it's just really shiny and cold then I
got really dainty one I love this one I
think this we were one of my most worn
ones out of the bunch and this is this
really nice cute puppy doesn't show up
on camera but kind of sheer white lace
next I got a animal print one this is
leopard print it has I don't know if you
sew up but it has two studs right here
and then two studs right here because
the normal and is sold out and then I
like the studs anyway it gives it more
of an edgy effect and I think you so
cute like a white t-shirt something then
I got a tight i want and so it's super
cute I cannot wait to style this one
really cute late they got to basics I
got pretty much your basic black bow
which I think everybody needs a black
bow and then I got a mint bell which is
one of my favorite colors right now mint
tiffany blue color and actually wore
this for picture day which was today for
me and I wore this in the back of my
head kind of two little pieces brought
the back and put this in the back and
look super super cute hmm it's another
review DS I think there were five and a
half inches out of that was the fish
measure but um let's say this is my hand
I have very big fingers long fingers by
the way so that's what you're wondering
it's about like a little bit of the size
of my hand so like this is like the
bottom my hand it comes up to like
they're out how to like show you this so
then you get like a good knowing of how
big it is here's an iPad it's a normal
sized iPad this is the size of it it's
like half of an ipad is basically
exactly half of an ipad that helps on my
head it looks like that big is pretty
big bow on the back of your head it
looks cute it looks cute top tied in a
topknot so I think I'm gonna do right
now but now I'm stuck in my hair oh
that's just that's just great okay we're
stuck we're stuck oh there you go now
like it my bow in my top knot and it
looks really cute don't take it out
though okay sounds like the size of the
most they're pretty big I mean they're a
good size I think kind of like there's
like that perfect little bow tie but
anyways so these are Bochy she didn't
know how could have quality the be
considering these all were in the range
of three to four dollars I know unless
you sit on that on how cheap and
amazingly cheap these bows are um the
signature bros bose store most beauty
gurus get their boats from his american
apparel i wanted to get a couple from
there they're fourteen dollars or 1100
something that was size you get for a
bow seriously guys i don't think i could
pay fourteen dollars for one bow
nevermind even getting two or three so i
got seven bowls for $28 with my discount
26 I think that's amazing outside what's
the price of two bows and american
apparel and i got seven and they're the
same size and they're super super cute
and american perils on the internet
they'll only really sell kind of solid
ones i think we saw a few patterns but
mostly they sell solids and if you can
see these easel awesome patterns and
these come with amazing little barrette
clips and we didn't think they would
considering them how cheap they were but
they do plus nice and i ordered these
and they're each like three dollars and
you didn't know how much shipping costs
it's 550 for me an amazing so much it
cost 550 for shipping which is pretty
good for how monday got and
how fast it came I overdid it last
Thursday and it came this thursday so
pretty much took a week to ship and I
think that is a very good deal I think
that is awesome now cannot wait to style
these these are going to be very very in
this year and I think I'm gonna do maybe
i'll make a video on how to style use
comment if you like a video on how to
style big bows or not super big but
they're pretty good size but i think
some weight i might be sad lives within
graphic t they kind of ties in with this
and maybe like a tie-dye shirt or maybe
like like a tie-dye accent sure to have
that in or I think what I'll probably be
doing is let's say I'm wearing black
jeans or black leggings so I'll probably
have a good oversized white tee the top
knot and this in the back or the front
and I think it just kind of adds a nice
little touch your outfit a big accessory
yeah that was kind of my reviews on
these bows let me know if you want some
more involving these bows some like a
styling video so hope you enjoyed this
video and so let me know if you get any
of these I don't think I'm also new
patterns i really want a chevron one so
thanks for watching bye bye